doc: Add env debug oneliner to troubleshooting (#2942)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: DEVELOPMENT.md

##### Possible solution

  1. Double check whether you have set the correct environment: `echo $NODE_ENV`, it should be either `production` or `development`

>   2. Double check whether [your The Things Stack config](#development-configuration) is set correctly (especially `TTN_LW_CONSOLE_UI_JS_FILE`, `TTN_LW_CONSOLE_UI_CANONICAL_URL` and similar settings). Run `ttn-lw-stack config --env` to see all environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Double check whether [your The Things Stack config](#development-configuration) is set correctly (especially configs starting with `TTN_LW_CONSOLE_*`). You can run `ttn-lw-stack config --env` to see how The Things Stack for LoRaWAN is currently configured.
```
